[instrumental music]
Man on PA: Allahu akbar.
Allahu akbar.
[indistinct prayer
in foreign language]
[instrumental music]
[woman screaming]
Man 1: Where are they?
Woman 1: No, no...
[woman screaming]
Man 1: Where are
the rest of the troops?
[whimpering]
Tell me!
[screaming]
- Where are they?
- No!
[groaning]
Jesse: Hey, leave her alone.
She doesn't know anything.
String him up!
- No, no.
- Okay, American.
Now you will tell me.
[screaming]
Where are they?
Where is your unit heading?
[breathing heavily] Go kiss.
What did he say?
[breathing heavily]
- Go kiss.
- Go kiss? What is Go kiss?
Go kiss.
Go kiss my ass.
[groaning]
What are you doing?
I am getting the information
we need!
You killed him before we got
the information! No matter.
We got two left!
Do not question me!
I know what I am doing!
[indistinct chatter]
[grunting]
[man screaming]
How'd you get free?
Let's just say those
Cross-fit classes paid off.
[indistinct chatter]
[laughing]
Get outta here!
No time to defuse it. Go! Go!
[detonator beeping]
[explosion]
[groaning]
[screaming]
Morning, daddy.
[gasping]
[clearing throat]
- Mara?
- Mm-hmm.
[sighing] Please knock first.
Come on. We can't be late.
I wanna go on the first patrol
with you.
- You sure you're up to this?
- Of course.
I've been counting down
all week.
I was talking to your father.
[sighs] I've survived worse.
I think I can handle this.
[chuckling]
Where's your brother?
In bed, playing on his pad
like he doesn't wanna go.
Mara, can you give your father
and me just a few minutes alone
for some morning grown-up talk?
Ew! So gross.
- Uh, babe.
- Hm?
Morning grown-up talk?
I think she even
saw through that one.
No.
I actually wanna talk.
Okay.
Ever since you started this
new job, you're hardly around.
Look, babe, I gotta work, right?
We got bills to pay.
I'm just saying, you missed
his last three ball games.
[scoffs] And she just
finally got her scouts badge.
What happened to family first?
Well, that's why I'm bringing
them to work with me today,
so we can have some quality
family time, right?
- All you do is work.
- And, baby.
You know what I've been
going through, readjusting
to civilian life,
struggling to pay these bills.
And now I'm finally feeling like
the provider again.
We miss you.
And we need you.
Ah-hah. "We."
[laughing] Me.
- I hear you.
- Yeah.
[instrumental music]
- I'm gonna get them dressed.
- Mm-hmm.
And I'm going to make them
some breakfast
for their busy day
with their daddy.
You better get goin'.
[laughing]
Mm.
Mara: Mom, are you watching?
Mara, I'm watching,
I'm also working
on not burning breakfast.
Watching what?
I was just trying to show mom
the flying back kick
you taught me.
Jesse: Okay. Let's see it.
Let's see it.
Okay, now remember,
when you jump and land,
that's when you extend your leg.
Maybe she should extend her lip
over her face.
- That's it. I'mma kick ya ass.
- Uh, Mara.
This is what I have to deal with
all day while you're at work.
Ry, what'd I tell you about
teasing your little sister, huh?
- Apologize.
- Why?
You're not even here for some
of the things she calls me.
Hey. Watch that tone, young man.
- And show some respect.
- It's okay, babe.
His little pre-teen hormones
are kicking in.
- Give me that.
- Hey!
No, we're gonna sit down
and have breakfast
and talk like a regular family.
Let's scarf and go!
Walking around the arena
all day?
- Sounds wack.
- So you don't wanna go?
No. Not really.
Okay then, well, Mara and I
will just enjoy the Falcons'
game by ourselves.
Whoo-hoo!
The Phoenix Falcons'
season opener?
My favorite player, Micah Crews,
just got traded
to the Phoenix Falcons.
Too bad you don't wanna go. Hm.
What? Change your mind?
Who cares about the stupid game.
Mara: I just wanna go on patrol
with you.
Oh, well, I'm gonna have to play
that one by ear, baby girl.
Uh, now, I'm still learning
my way around the job myself.
- I guess it'll still be fun.
- What are we waiting for?
Let's go!
Ryan: I can't wait to see
Micah Crews in action.
I can't wait to see you
in action, daddy!
Probably not gonna be too much
action for me, sweetie.
This is just a regular day
at the office.
Hey, Freeman, these can't be
your kids. They're adorable.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
Man 2: Hey, Jesse, what's up?
- How you doin'?
Daddy, is it always busy
like this?
Well, it all depends
on who's in the venue.
Well, today is a special day,
not only because
it's the Falcons' season opener,
but the governor and the mayor
are comin' to watch the game
with the new stadium owner.
- Guess who.
- Who?
- Diana Smart.
- OMG, Diana Smart?
When I grow up,
I wanna be a genius billionaire
just like her.
Yeah, dream on.
- Hater.
- Stop.
Why is the arena
all thrashed out like that?
Ms. Smart is doing renovations.
Daddy, can we please meet her?
Oh, sweetie,
she is a very busy lady.
- I doubt we'll even see her.
- Okay.
[indistinct chatter]
Man 3: Yo, we have to bring out
the big boy.
Check my lady out,
killin' it, as usual.
Yeah, and so we checkin' out
the spot where she's the owner
doin' her thing, you know?
Damn, girl, we like the new Jay
and Beyonce up in this piece.
Woman 2: We love you, Diane!
We love you, Milli!
Oh, we love you, too, baby.
Give me
a complete digital sweep.
Yes, sir.
[sighing]
Thompson: Thompson here.
Vendor key.
I'm having Wi-Fi problems
with system 12-B.
The IT team I requested
should be coming your way soon.
I'll let you know
when they arrive.
Devlin: Copy that.
- Right this way.
- Our seats are right...
- Hey, what's up, tight shirt?
- Oh.
- Good-lookin' kids right there.
- Sure they're yours?
Jesse: Guys, this is Gus.
He's the, uh,
maintenance engineer.
So he's a janitor?
Hey, I got an important job
for you two today.
Stay real close to your dad.
Now he only gets lost,
like, once a day now.
You get lost? What a noob.
I wish my dad would've taken me
to work when I was your age.
But I never knew him.
Alright guys, let's go.
And this is the security office.
- Wow.
Got some good-lookin' kids
there, Freeman. Are they yours?
[laughing] Why is everybody
so amazed
that I have good-lookin' kids?
I mean, what am I, a troll?
Dad, where's your gun?
Guns don't make you safe, son.
Strategy does.
- Thank you, sir.
- You're welcome.
This is head of security,
Devlin Montez.
He's my boss.
All my guards are given
state-of-the-art
security tablets
to communicate with each other,
and to track down any security
problems here in the arena.
The arena has the most
sophisticated weapons detectors
in the world.
No one could get on to the lot
with a small handgun
and not be detected.
So no gun, huh?
Lame.
[laughing]
Get your family situated.
I'm gonna need all the guards
on duty on first patrol.
Our VIPs
are already in the building.
Yes, sir.
Now...
you guys are VIPs.
- Cool. Jinx!
Now, do not take those off as
long as you're in this building.
- You understand?
- Mm-hmm.
You and your hormones
understand?
Can we go now?
I'm not trying to miss tip-off.
[door clanking]
[van doors opening]
Hey. We're here to fix
the arena Wi-Fi.
Wow. It's a lot of you
for one job.
You ever try to bounce
a digital signal around 950,000
square feet of total space
with a seamless signal?
It's not
a two-man configuration.
Whatever.
That's above my pay-grade, pal.
We got the Wi-Fi tech crew here.
Devlin: Send 'em up.
- Copy that.
Announcer: Welcome to the arena,
sports fans!
And we got a packed house
just rarin' to see an exciting
basketball game.
And we got
new Phoenix Falcons superstar,
Micah Crews, in the building.
How does it feel to be playing
on a new team this season?
Your seats are right here.
You didn't get us floor seats?
These seats are wack.
Well, how about
you sit your little wack ass
back in the car if you like?
- I guess these will do.
Man 4: You know what, dude?
Man 4: Why don't you shut up?
- So I will be back--
I'm getting tired
of hearing this.
- I'm trying to enjoy a game.
- Hey, hey, hey!
- Can you stop? Please, stop.
- You guys break it up.
- Take your seats.
- What're you gonna do about it?
I'm warning you, do not put
your hands on me, sir.
- Sit down.
- Kick rocks, rent-a-cop.
- Okay, you're coming with me.
- You mother...
- Oh!
- You're coming with me, too.
- Let's go.
- Come on, man.
You two, stay put. Ryan's
in charge till I get back.
- But, daddy...
- Stay put.
- Come on.
- Come on, dude.
- He started this.
- That's my daddy!
Oh, snap. Man,
the governor pullin' up on us.
- We run this town, boy.
- Hi.
It is such a pleasure
to see you again, Ms. Smart.
- Oh. Thank you.
- You look absolutely stunning.
I told her that same thing
in the limo.
Your bodyguard
is very observant.
Oh, snap. Did he just call me
the bodyguard?
You know, I think what the, uh,
what the governor here was
trying to say is just that
we're forever grateful to you,
Diana, for taking your success
and investing it back
into our city.
Well, of course, mayor.
I was born and raised here.
I grew up coming to the arena
as a kid with my daddy,
to watch the hockey games.
It was my dream of one day
being able to give back.
You're also making us look good
for re-election.
[sighs] Just remember
why we're here, governor.
Don't forget who you work for.
The people.
Don't forget about the 'hood,
either.
Oh, of course, of course.
People first. Always.
Love the 'hood.
Um, shall we head
to the owner's suite?
I've got a few surprises
for everyone.
- Good idea.
- Great.
Governor's an asshole.
I'm just sayin'.
♪ What are you doin' here? ♪
♪ Better beware what you see
me and my crew in here ♪
♪ We sick and tired
of being sick and tired ♪
♪ We sick of gettin' hired
than gettin' fired ♪
♪ A life of crime
is our new career ♪
♪ Like Butch Cassidy Sundance
Kid we matched up... ♪
We got five minutes. Set it up!
♪ We clanned up taste a joint
then we come back in ♪
♪ Like Jesse James who can argue
with a gun that big? ♪
♪ Your hands up ♪
♪ And don't be no hero
bring no Z notes ♪
♪ Coldhearted below zero ♪
♪ Aim my pistol
right at the casino cashier ♪
♪ Total bring your ass here ♪
♪ Or you're gonna meet your
G-O-D ♪
♪ My hometown
wouldn't give me a job ♪
♪ The city robbed me of
my future now the city I rob ♪
♪ I got a man with a gun
on a security guard ♪
♪ And another one for you
witnesses who look at me hard ♪
♪ Put the money in the bag ♪
♪ Bag get the shit
I never had had ♪
♪ Robin Hood but my big double
barrel's my boy never was ♪
♪ Getting Holy Ghost that was
hose up in your apparel too ♪
♪ Blast and I move
with a thorough crew ♪
♪ Sister Sam box we grew up
sharin' a pair of shoes ♪
♪ You say a heist is something
that you would never do... ♪
Man 5: Two minutes, people!
Let's make sure we don't blow
our escape prematurely.
You mean, like that time Beta
lost his virginity in Guam?
[all laughing]
Almost pee on myself every time
I think about that job.
If she can't stay focused, maybe
I should plant the bombs, Alpha.
[laughing] Now, that's funny.
Be my guest, limp biscuit.
[all laughing]
Enough!
Stay focused on Alpha.
[rap music]
Yeah, you're right, you know,
Gamma is a little crazy.
But she's the best.
Ain't that right, Gamma?
But if you wanna handle
explosives, be my guest.
- Never mind.
- What?
♪ Outlaw outlaw outlaw ♪
Yeah. Just like I thought.
Pussy.
It's experimental weaponry.
You get six shots each.
They only work at close range.
♪ Outlaw outlaw outlaw ♪
Make 'em count.
♪ My old house didn't bother me
so now a robbery ♪
♪ Is now bothering honestly
that's toxicology ♪
Alright,
we all know the end game.
Wait for the signal.
We all clear out
after the fourth quarter.
♪ Follow me in my game plan... ♪
Oh, yeah, and, uh, have fun.
♪ We really live
like Billy the Kid ♪
♪ Outlaw outlaw outlaw ♪
♪ Outlaw outlaw outlaw ♪♪
Ladies and gentlemen,
please rise
for the national anthem.
♪ Oh say can you see.. ♪
[groaning]
♪ The perilous fight ♪
♪ O'er the ramparts... ♪
Who's this? Third floor?
Oh!
[grunting]
[gunshots]
[chuckling] Yo. You gotta switch
to decaf, tight shirt.
Ooh, sprinkles!
Isn't there something
you should be doing?
- Doin' it!
- I gotta get back to my kids.
Hey, listen, man,
the south hallway's that way.
Just go straight, gets you right
back in the action. No turns.
- Can't get lost, tight shirt.
- Alright. Alright. Jesse.
[indistinct chatter]
But there's so much in here.
- Here.
- Thank you.
Alright, follow me.
[indistinct chatter]
Crowd: Let's go, Falcons! Oh!
Let's go, Falcons!
[crowd cheering]
Just wave your hand
in front of there.
Automated response:
Refrigerator, open.
What? This is
on to the next level-ish, bae.
Mm-hmm.
Can I take this on tour with me?
- Only if you take me with you.
- Oh, for sure. I got you.
The renovations you're making
to the arena
are definitely impressive,
Ms. Smart.
The most impressive thing
about The Odyssey is how we're
providing job opportunities in
both the green and tech sectors
amongst minority vendors.
Oh, now, see, that's what
you should really be proud of,
Diana,
is creating opportunities.
And making us all look good
in the process.
Asshole.
- What? I said, "Let's roll."
- Uh...
Hey, guys.
You guys new?
- What's that?
- You new?
Oh, no, first day.
[gunshot]
[crowd cheering]
Excuse me. Sorry.
Hope I'm not interrupting
something that's important.
I mean, this is a room filled
with very important people.
Well, holy shit.
[sniffling] You're Milli.
That's Milli.
Hey, uh, can I call you Milli?
Um, I mean, I'm just a...
I'm a huge fan.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was cool.
I hate to admit it
'cause I'm more of
a old-fashioned rock music
kinda guy.
In fact, I hate hip-hop.
Security, is there something
we can do for you?
Uh, first of all, that's, uh...
I have a small confession
to make.
We're not really
security guards.
Look, I'm just here to collect.
Whoa! Hey, hey!
Excuse me. Who are you?
Me? Who am I?
Well, my,
members of my team there,
they, they call me Alpha.
That makes me the alpha.
Milli: Yo, I know what this is.
This is one of those
prank shows, right?
Where the camera at, babe?
You in on this?
Now, is he with you?
Are you guys, like, some kind
of like, uh, thing, Ms. Smart?
Or can I call you Diana?
Can I call you Diana?
Diana it is.
Alright, here's the thing.
I'm only here for one reason
and one reason only.
Actually, uh, I lied.
Uh, one billion reasons
in your Digi-Coin.
D-- do you know who I am?
I am the governor of this state.
And on behalf
of the United States government,
you are in a no-win situation.
America stopped negotiating
with terrorists years ago.
[laughing]
Terrorists?
You're joking, right?
No, tell me you're joking.
You're not joking?
[inhaling] Governor...
I'm just here to get
what's owed to me.
Oh!
[screaming] No!
Oh, my God!
[sobbing]
And I'm dead serious about it,
too.
[crowd cheering]
I wonder
when daddy's coming back.
Who cares?
I'm all about this game.
Why are you so mean to him?
Can't you see
he's trying to be a good father
and take care of us?
Take care of us?
He's a security guard.
A nobody. A loser.
Daddy's not a loser.
He ain't a superstar
like Micah Crews.
Yeah, that's who I wish
was my real daddy.
- You take that back!
- Now will you leave me alone?
I'm so into the game.
[sighs]
Where are you going? Sit down.
I'm in charge, remember?
You ain't in charge
of my bladder.
I gotta pee.
Mara!
Announcer: Shooting,
number thirteen.
Can I get a glass of double,
please?
- Oh, man!
- You know what, make it two.
[indistinct chatter]
[thudding]
[grunting]
[gunshot]
[gasping]
[grunting]
- Get her!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
[grunting]
What do you wanna do
with her now?
What do you think?
Get rid of her.
I ain't killing no kids, man.
I didn't sign up for this shit.
Let's take her to Alpha.
Let him deal with it.
Hey!
[squealing]
Another one of you's gonna die
in the next quarter
if my demands aren't met.
How am I supposed to send you
one billion?
I can't just pull up
my banking app for that.
Oh, come on, Diana.
You're not the only
tech-savvy one in this room.
You will enter routing numbers,
bank accounts
and PIN numbers into this.
Once you get past the firewall,
we will begin to transfer
the Digi-Coin into our cloud.
Block-chain tech. Clever.
Oh.
Now, is that a compliment
coming from you?
You can jump out
the suite window.
Babe, what is it...
Don't piss the man off.
Yeah, babe, why don't you listen
to your dipshit boyfriend here?
Now, if I can bring
your attention this way,
this little lady can hack into
the entire
Odyssey communications grid.
Isn't that right?
Remember what I did
to that airport in Haiti?
Oh, yes, I do. Do it.
[chuckles]
Beta?
Why don't you cut me
some slices?
What you gonna do with that?
Oh, God! No, no, no!
Hey, come on, man,
I'm too pretty to slice!
Look, I still gotta record
"The Booty Clap" video, man.
You know what it is, man.
I, I can't be looking like...
- How come he looking crazy--
- Relax, R and B.
Gamma.
Joe: Are you in play?
I'm in the game. Communication
scrambler attached.
Alright.
Boy 1: Falcons! Falcons!
Falcons!
[crowd cheering]
- Ryan, where's your sister?
- I don't know.
What-- what do you mean,
"I don't know?"
I-- I know I left you in charge.
She said she had to go pee.
Son, you had one job.
What was I supposed to do, make
her sit here and pee on herself?
You're supposed to go with...
Did she have
her security badge on her?
My wife is gonna kill me.
Sir, we've lost connection
to all security tablets.
Wait,
Freeman is still online, sir.
[beeping]
[door shuts]
Oh, sh-- shit.
Someone's following us.
[beeping]
What is... Let me see this.
Damn, this is a VIP badge.
- Encoded footprint.
- Ah, shit.
She's being tracked by security.
She must belong
to somebody important.
Yeah, but we took out
all the security.
Obviously not.
Hurry up, take this.
You take him out. I got her.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, move.
- Let me go!
- Copy that.
- Mara?
Mara: Daddy!
Omega: Get up, go!
Mara: No!
[beeping]
Mara!
Where are you going, Mara?
Mara?
Oh, come on.
[grunting] Oh, sorry, man.
[gunshots]
[groaning]
Where is she? Where is she?
[breathing heavily] Where's who?
This badge belonged
to a little girl. Where is she?
I don't know anything
about a little girl, man.
Oh, you think I'm playing, huh?
Does it look like
I'm playing now?
[laughing]
Ah, that tech gun's way above
your pay-grade, guard.
Shut up,
and tell me where she is.
♪ I just came here... ♪
♪ You fucker better my money ♪
♪ Put your name in the shirt ♪
♪ With the same old lies ♪
♪ And you layin' in the dirt ♪
♪ You just stopped
and get stoned ♪
♪ When you playin' on my ♪
♪ Think fast
with the top off... ♪
Chill. Stop. Stop.
♪ You get knocked off ♪
♪ Said to my face
and get clocked off... ♪
Okay.
♪ You won't shake loose ♪
♪ You can't drag me down... ♪
Brah.
♪ I'm back... ♪
♪ I take life in fact ♪
♪ I break my door home ♪
♪ And take life yeah ♪
♪ Most haters hate... ♪
♪ My next town with a bluff ♪
♪ Day by day like I took a... ♪
Come on, man.
[grunting]
[glass shatters]
♪ Your whole weight
like I'm workin' at a clutch ♪
[grunting]
[groaning]
[slurping]
[grunting] Man, stop doing that!
Jesus, he's dead!
Yeah, well, I don't know him.
Yeah, you know what? I don't
recognize any of these new guys.
It's like they all got replaced.
- New?
- Yeah.
You're the only one that I know.
[sighs] Something strange
is going on here, man.
Look, I have no time for this.
I have to find my daughter.
Come on. Jeez.
- I can't wait.
- For what?
To watch my daddy kick your ass.
[scoffing] Yeah, that'll be
a neat trick. Man, get up here.
[grunting] My shoelace!
Get up. I said keep it movin'.
Can't a sister tie her shoe?
What if I fall
and hurt my cute self? Hm?
- Hurry up.
- Fine!
[grunting]
Damn. I hate kids.
I've taken care
of all communication,
digital and Wi-Fi signals
in the stadium.
I've also disconnected
all of our lines
before second quarter,
as scheduled.
Yes! The Odyssey is mine!
What?
Too cliche?
You know, I'm picking up
a lot of heat
coming from your direction.
You got something you wanna say
to me, Ms. Smart?
I know you.
Jobe. Jobe Davis.
Ex-CIA, counterterrorism agent.
Well, holy shit.
I'm starting to understand
what this is all about.
What this about? This is about
what you did to me.
What you did to my team.
That's what this is about.
Okay, excuse me, mister, I...
All that I'm trying to say is,
whatever she did,
I'm gonna be the first
to apologize for her.
What in the hell
did you do to this dude?
Jobe Davis mistook
an innocent American family
for a Muslim terrorist cell
and killed them.
A mother and father
with two kids, six and eight.
I hired a team of attorneys
to uncover the truth.
They discovered
that Mr. Davis was responsible
during an illegal raid
on their home.
Everybody makes a mistake
on the job.
A mistake? That family is dead
because of you!
Which resulted
in the destruction of my life,
including my family
and destroying the lives
of my team.
You.
You ever experience anything
like what's happening right now?
No. I-- I think it just hit me.
Like,
you really killed that dude.
[slurping] I might have PTSD.
I'm talkin' about the Wi-Fi,
not the murder and stuff.
This whole situation's nuts,
man.
Whoa, whoa. Wait, wait, wait.
Excuse me. Uh, where is Devlin?
- Run.
- Right now?
Go!
[dramatic music]
[gunshots]
Gus: Shirt, this way!
- You sure?
- Trust me!
- Shit.
- Which way?
I don't know. Fuck it.
[groaning]
Those guys are assholes!
[groaning] I think
I pulled my hamstring.
Thanks for locking that.
We'll be good in here.
I, uh...
Sorry about the mess.
I don't get a lot of visitors
normally.
I can see why.
It's like the John McClane shit.
- What?
- "Die Hard."
You never seen "Die Hard?"
Bruce Willis?
Like, all these terrorists, they
took over this Nakatomi Building
and he's like "Yipee ki-yay,
motherfucker!"
Hey!
- What the hell, man?
- Watch the pens.
You're talking about a movie?
I'm talking about
real life here.
Could you just please show me
a safe route out of here
so I can find my daughter?
We can take the east hallway.
Uh, that's the quickest way
we'll get to 'em and it--
it's always empty
during game time.
- Come on.
- Thanks.
Sorry about your pens.
[breathing heavily] Shit.
I don't have time for this shit.
I'm only gonna tell you
this one time.
You do that again,
and I'mma cut you in pieces.
Go!
Gus: See? Told you.
There's nobody around.
Who's that?
[device beeping]
Excuse me.
Oh. Hey there.
- Where's your badge?
- It's my first day on the job.
And where's your security pad?
Oh, must've left it
in the break room.
[laughs] She's lying.
Uh, what is she,
five-seven, 125?
- I got this.
- Gus...
Ah-ah-ah...
You got the last one.
So you're tellin' me
you don't have your security
badge or your security pad?
Like I said, it's my first day.
Got her!
I don't got her.
All of you
were supposed to be dead.
♪ I break swords
when I fight ♪
♪ The saddest news... ♪
[grunting]
♪ Front door security... ♪
♪ Compression sucks... ♪
♪ Lay down fool ♪
[groaning]
I'll call you a paramedic.
Just tell me
where my daughter is.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Who are you with?
[laughing]
It's too late.
The clock is ticking,
and you can't stop it.
[groaning]
- Gus, get her earpiece.
- Uh-unh!
She already kicked me once.
Hold this.
- Ah!
- Unh!
[breathing heavily]
[laughing]
When the game is over,
you're all dead!
[gunshot]
Yo, that is one crazy bitch!
Now let's look at this bomb.
Gus: Bomb?
Holy shit!
This is a Ping-Pong bomb.
Activated via remote,
or motion-sensitive.
These are designed
for maximum collateral damage
in close basis,
or for troops in one place.
Or like a large crowd
leaving an arena.
You sure you know
what you're doing?
- Can you back up a little bit?
- Sorry.
And... disarmed.
Just one of these has
the potential to kill hundreds.
I say we get your son
out of here,
get him safe, call the cavalry.
I'll be very honest with you.
I'm not getting paid enough
for this.
No, I'm not gonna send my son
through exits
rigged with explosives.
There could be more of these,
like, at every exit.
There's, like, a dozen
main exits in this arena.
You heard what she said, right?
The clock is ticking. I have
to do something to stop this.
Besides, my daughter
is still in this place.
It's gonna be suicide, man.
Well, then I'll commit it
saving lives.
You can't save everyone
by yourself.
You're right.
But maybe with your help?
Hell, no!
The entire arena layout.
Look, all the exits,
right there.
Yeah. They're the most logical
places to plant a bomb.
So we'll start there.
We also need a solid way
to communicate,
should we get split up.
Ooh! Analog, baby!
They'll never hear us on these
frequencies. There you go.
Well, we got
a lot of ground to cover,
and time is not on our side.
My girl Bessie'll help.
Who?
Tight shirt, meet Bessie.
Go, Bessie. [grunts]
Fuck, yeah.
[crowd cheering]
Diana didn't have anything
to do with your mistake.
Mayor, you're really
starting to piss me off.
Sit.
You know,
someone like Diana Smart there,
who has money,
they play both sides,
judge and jury.
You don't know
how dangerous my job was,
how many innocent people
I protected. I protected.
How many years
I served my country
and how quickly
she took it away.
Look, I'm sorry
you lost your family,
but they're alive,
the Faakhirs are not.
You're damn right you're sorry.
And that's why you're gonna pay.
Anything hit the account?
[sighs] Nothing yet.
Hey, please don't kill me!
Look, I just started working
on my second album, man.
- Kill her, kill her!
- Just give him the loot!
Listen to R and B here.
Virtual currency transfers
take time.
- Please be patient.
- Stop playing me, Ms. Smart.
You keep playing me,
I'm gonna kill you,
I'm gonna kill the mayor, here,
I'm gonna kill
your dumbass boyfriend.
- [groans] Shit!
- Alright?
I'm gonna kill everybody
in this goddamn arena.
Get up.
Come over here.
Come here.
Turn around.
It's your turn.
[gasps]
You're gonna choose...
- Who dies next.
- No.
Yes. Is it gonna be
the honorable mayor?
[sobbing]
Or your Booty Clap
R and B boyfriend?
- You choose.
- Come on, man.
- Who is it gonna be? Do it.
- Bae.
Look, I know you're not gonna
let them kill me, right?
My album's streaming top 100.
Y'all know how hard it is
to do that?
If anything,
you shoot the mayor, goddammit.
She ain't even helping
the black community properly.
Really?
- Just calm down, Milli.
- Calm down?
Bitch, I ain't tryin' to die.
Yo, no, don't, don't shoot me.
- Man. Come on, man.
Psi: Wait, wait, wait!
We have an incoming deposit.
[breathing heavily]
You know, I knew I could count
on you to do the right thing.
[exhales sharply]
It's not so easy to pick
who lives or dies, is it?
Now go sit your ass down.
What we got?
Good. Let's check in with Gamma.
Psi: Looks like Gamma's only got
one more bomb to activate.
Who'd try to bomb
a basketball arena?
There's kids, there's old women.
That's not cool at all, man.
Jobe: Gamma, where are we at
with the last bomb?
Hello?
Who's this?
An arena security guard.
Jobe: What's your name?
- Let's start with yours first.
Well, I'm Alpha.
I'm running the security now.
Okay, Alpha, where's Devlin?
Oh, we've briefed
the new security on duty.
Why don't you tell me
your location?
We'll bring you up to speed.
I think I'm already up to speed.
I'll find you. How's that?
Hello?
[device beeps]
Alright, listen up.
We got a rogue security guard
on duty.
I want you to find him,
take him out.
Zeta: Copy that.
[glass shatters]
[beeping]
Well, now,
who do we have here?
This opener between the Falcons
and the Knights
is just giving you
nail-biting intensity.
♪ Boom you know we do it
like that zoom ♪
♪ You know we like it
like that boom ♪
♪ You know we always fight back
zoom ♪
♪ You know
they always fight that ♪
♪ Baby let's get it high ♪
♪ Then move it side to side ♪
♪ Get it get it right
groove it... ♪
Dad, did you find Mara yet?
No. I... Um, I...
I just came to check on you.
I wanna help you look for her.
If you wanna help,
stay here, okay?
- It's the safest place for you.
- Why can't I help you?
If your sister comes, I need you
here waiting for her.
Son, I need you to be a soldier
right now.
I need you to follow orders.
No matter what happens,
no matter what you hear or see
other people do, I need you to
hold your position. Do you copy?
Yes, sir. Okay.
Alright. I'll be back, son.
Gus: Move! Get out of the way!
I'm tryin' to save your life!
Get out of the way!
We'll cut through Concession C.
It's faster.
Move! Get out of the way!
♪ Bring it bump it
pump it up ♪
♪ Don't just stop
just toughen up ♪
♪ Don't you let 'em
knock you down ♪
♪ Yo we get it bumping
when the beat go bumping ♪
♪ And we push it to the limit
when we jumpin' and we pumping ♪
♪ And we get like this
and we get like that ♪
♪ So we move to the side... ♪
Okay. Let's check
the northeast exit ahead.
♪ I push it
to the limit baby ♪
♪ I just wanna show you
how to move it like it's 2080 ♪
♪ I just wanna see you move
and groovin' like a crazy lady ♪
♪ Boom ♪
♪ Sharp like a needle ♪
♪ You know we do it like that
zoom ♪
♪ You know we like it like that
boom ♪
♪ You know we always fight back
zoom ♪
♪ You know
they always fight that boom ♪
♪ You know we do it like that
zoom ♪
♪ You know we like it like that
boom ♪
♪ Get up get up ♪
♪ Get up get up
get up get up ♪
♪ Oo-oo-oo-ooh ♪
Yup, got another one.
♪ And we push it to the limit
when we jumpin' and we pumping ♪
♪ And we get like this
and we get like that ♪
♪ So we move to the side
and we clap real fast ♪
♪ Yeah get it get it get it
yeah get it get it get it ♪
♪ I just wanna show you how
to push it like a crazy lady ♪
♪ Boom ♪
Pull over right here
by this exit.
♪ Fly like an eagle
be like a free soul ♪
♪ Fly sharp like a needle ♪
♪ Boom ♪
♪ You know we do it like that
zoom ♪
♪ You know we like it like that
boom ♪
♪ You know we always fight back
zoom ♪
♪ You know
they always write that boom ♪
♪ You know we do it like that
zoom ♪
♪ You know we like it
like that ♪
No way!
♪ Zoom boom ♪♪
So you're not gonna tell us
your name?
I don't talk to strangers.
Didn't your mama teach you that?
[laughs] As a matter of fact,
she did.
Told you.
She's got a smart mouth.
Somebody needs to shut her up
permanently.
- You leave her alone.
- Relax, Ms. Smart.
No one's gonna hurt the girl.
Sit.
I'm a huge fan, by the way.
Thanks.
- How old are you?
- Almost eleven.
But I already feel
that black-girl magic.
[chuckles] I have a little girl
around your age.
She's cute like you, too.
Her mother left me
and took my daughter with her.
I can see why, loser.
Oh, I'm far from being a loser.
In fact,
today I'm gonna win it all.
How we lookin'?
Still on track.
Digi-Coin coming in.
Good.
I can't wait
till my dad finds me.
He works here in the arena.
He's probably looking for me
right now.
Oh, really?
Why don't you tell me more
about your daddy?
Announcer: Start
of the third quarter, 95.
[crowd cheering]
Did you find anything?
I have searched every entrance
to this wing.
Then we need to get the message
to everyone
in this entire place
at the same time,
to leave through the exits
we know are safe.
How?
[crowd cheering]
How do I get
to whoever controls this?
Oh, take this hallway
all the way to the end.
It dead-ends at a elevator.
Listen, take the elevator
to the top floor.
When the doors open,
just keep going straight.
It ends at
the Jumbotron operator's office.
Guy's name is Al. Knock twice.
I'mma stay here
and keep looking.
Okay, if you find anything,
don't touch it. Call me.
Oh, I'm not touching shit.
[instrumental music]
[indistinct chatter]
[hip-hop music]
[gasps] Man.
- You ever heard of knocking?
- I'm sorry.
But this is an emergency.
We're all in trouble.
What do you mean,
"We're in trouble?"
The arena security's been
taken over by outside hostiles.
[laughs] Man,
whatever you smokin',
you need to give me some, 'cause
this job is boring as hell.
- I'm not--
- Look, look. Look.
Do you know what this is?
- No.
- It's a bomb.
Would you like to see
how it works?
Is that a rhetorical question?
Are you sure you really want me
to send this message out?
'Cause this, this, this message
is gonna evacuate
the entire arena.
That's exactly what we want.
[exhales] Man.
If this comes back on me,
I'm gonna tell 'em that you
held me hostage with a bomb!
Fair enough. Now would you just
please send the...
Oh, whoa.
[gunshots]
No, no. No! Please, no! No!
Ah!
[intense music]
[crowd cheering]
[indistinct chatter]
[music continues]
[breathing heavily]
[intense music]
[grunting]
Oh, s-- sorry.
Sorry, sir. You okay?
[breathing heavily] Freeman.
I'm surprised
you're still alive.
I'd assumed
they killed all the guards.
You stuck around even when
you realized something was off.
My daughter's missing.
I can't find her and I'm not
gonna leave without her.
I'm really sorry to hear this,
but I need you to stay focused
and finish telling me
everything you know.
Well, whoever they are,
they're professionally trained.
Prototype weaponry, maybe, uh,
covert or special-ops trained.
[exhales sharply]
Maybe even a terrorist cell.
- Anything else I should know?
- Well...
They planted motion-sensitive
explosives at the exits.
I managed to dismantle
most of them, I think.
I always knew you were
an exceptional employee.
A man that would do anything
to protect.
- That's why I hired you.
- But, sir...
What do you suggest we do
to take them out?
Well, I think the first thing,
unfortunately, is...
taking you out.
Really?
Spider. Caught the fly.
Jobe on phone: Excellent.
- You're with them?
How could you betray
your own people?
Life isn't about loyalty, son.
It's about green, lots of it.
- Continue to surprise, Freeman.
- Shut up!
You don't know anything
about me.
If I submitted my real resume,
you would've been too afraid
to hire me.
Now take out your cuffs
and get on the ground
before I put one in your leg.
Can't do that.
Okay. Have it your way.
[beeps]
[gun clatters]
I don't care who you really are.
You're still gonna die.
[groans]
[grunting]
- Hello?
Jobe on phone: Where's Devlin?
He's on break.
Jobe on phone: Jesse,
did you kill your boss?
How do you know my name?
Oh, well,
a little birdie told me.
- Daddy!
- Mara!
She's a cute little girl.
Smart mouth, though.
I swear, you touch her, you die.
You stay out of my way,
allow me to finish what
I started, she'll be just fine.
What if I can't do that?
Well, then your daughter will be
one of many who die today.
Where are you? Come on.
- Where you hiding?
Jobe: I'm not hiding from you.
Actually, I got the best seats
in the house.
So you stay off my grid,
and maybe your daughter
will live to see 11.
[intense music]
Psi: I've got intel
on our security guard.
Putting it up on the screen now.
"Jesse Freeman. Unconventional
warfare operations."
"Airborne, demolitions,
hand-to-hand expert."
"Counterterrorism and recon."
- Jesus.
- I told you he was a badass.
Now, don't get cocky, kid.
My team's gonna eat your daddy
for breakfast.
Hang on a second.
Freeman has a VIP badge
assigned to him.
Onscreen now.
- Now who do we have here?
- Leave my brother alone.
Oh, I don't believe
in breaking up families, kid.
That's Ms. Smart's job.
Especially children.
Omega, bring his dumb ass
back here.
[crowd cheering]
Excuse me, young man.
- Last name Freeman?
- Who are you?
I work with your dad.
He asked me to come and get you.
But my dad told me
not to go anywhere.
Hm. Smart kid, huh?
But your dad sent me anyway,
so come on, let's go meet him.
My daddy told me to stay put,
no matter what.
Look, man, I don't have time
for this. Get your ass up.
Stranger danger!
Hey, you. Leave that kid alone!
- Man, sit your ass down!
- Hey!
[indistinct chatter]
Digi-Coin's still transferring.
[sighs] It was a pleasure
doing business with you.
Wish I could say the same,
murderer.
Hm. It could've gone
much worse.
Come on, it wasn't
such a total loss for ya.
At least we found out
before it got too serious
that your boyfriend
was a bitch-ass.
Hey, man, come on!
I'm just trying to live!
Beta: Sit down!
You're gonna let us go alive,
right, man, Mr. Sir Alpha?
Don't start kissing my ass
just yet.
'Cause if someone's daddy
decides to play hero,
I'm gonna send your ass
and everyone in this arena
on a one-way ticket
to the after-party.
And that's not just
an evil cliche, Ms. Smart.
Found him.
Psi: He's in section 301.
Omega, Delta, Zeta.
Jobe: Fly's in section 301.
- We're on our way.
- Kill him.
Delta: Copy that.
[dramatic music]
Mara!
Oh, I-- I'm so sorry. I...
[sighs]
Oh, okay. Now, he said
the best seats in the house.
[crowd cheering]
[intense music]
Dad!
Giving it all to you today,
sports fans. Hey!
- I'm working here! Hey!
- Move! Move!
[grunts]
[music continues]
[upbeat music]
♪ And it goes like this ♪
♪ Hey don't miss out
on what you're passing ♪
♪ You're missing the hoota
of the funky Buddha ♪
♪ Eluder or the fucked up styles
to get wicked ♪
♪ So come on as cypress starts
to kick it ♪
♪ 'Cause we're like
the outlaw stridin' ♪
♪ While suckers are hidin'
jump behind the bush ♪
♪ When they see me driving by ♪
♪ Yeah you know
I'm gonna get ya ♪
♪ How do you know where I'm at ♪
♪ When you haven't been
where I've been? ♪
♪ Understand
where I'm coming from ♪
♪ When you're up on the hill
in your big home ♪
♪ I'm out here risking my dome ♪
♪ Just for a bucket
or a fast ducat ♪
♪ Just to stay alive
aiyyo I gotta say fuck it ♪
♪ Here is something
you can't understand ♪
♪ How I could just kill a man ♪
♪ Here is something
you can't understand ♪
♪ How I could just kill a man ♪
♪ Here is something
you can't understand ♪
♪ How I could just kill a man ♪
♪ Here is something
you can't understand ♪
♪ How I could just kill a man ♪
♪ Here is something
you can't understand ♪
♪ All I wanted was a... ♪♪
[groaning]
[intense music]
[grunting]
[music continues]
Where's my daughter?
- Where's my daughter?
- Owner, owner's suite...
- Owner's, owner's suite.
- Thank you.
[bones cracking]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[groans]
[instrumental music]
Announcer: These two teams
are battling it out here
at the start
of the fourth quarter.
[intense music]
[crowd cheering]
Dad, where are you?
The owner's suite, huh?
See, that makes sense.
That's where the rich people go
to watch the games.
Nobody would ever think
to look for the bad guys there.
Well, assuming they've the same
weapons as the other bad guys,
I need the element of surprise.
Yo, shirt.
You go in through this way,
surprise the hell
out of everyone.
[groans]
Well, looks like
I got no other choice.
You're gonna need this.
[scoffs]
I'm gonna need
a lot more than...
What?
Look. I gave you the money.
Now just go.
You and I both know
I can't just walk out of here.
Just killing you, that wouldn't
be enough, would it?
No. [sighs]
I need something bigger.
I'm gonna call it
the, uh, Bloody Escape.
[chuckles] Pretty good, huh?
Please, don't hurt the innocent
citizens in the stadium.
They just came to see the game.
Who, these people?
[crowd cheering]
Fuck 'em. Psi.
Thank you, Psi.
This is for you.
Yeah, go on, take it.
Open it up.
[chuckles] Now you see, Diana.
Your name, your face,
everything that you built
has haunted me for two years.
Soon I'm gonna fly away
from here,
look down on you
like a fucking God
and watch everything
that you built...
be destroyed. Boom.
[exhaling sharply]
Oh, man, we missed one!
Fuck! Goddamn it!
Announcer: Thirty seconds left
in the period.
We're not gonna make it.
[dramatic music]
[indistinct chatter]
[crowd cheering]
[beeping]
How did he do it?
Crowd: Five, four, three,
two, one!
[crowd cheering]
Announcer: Micah Crews,
two-pointer, Falcons.
Tie game. You know, I couldn't
have planned this any better.
The audience is all gonna
stick around for the amazing
conclusion, and all exit
virtually altogether
and chaos
will still reign supreme.
And by the time the cops
have dealt with the fallout,
I'm gonna be long gone.
[panting]
[dramatic music]
Announcer: Micah Crews
has a chance to win the game
for his new team.
Blue. White-blue.
Eeh!
[beeping]
[dramatic music]
Oh, no.
I should have called in sick!
Shh! Shh!
What's that sound? Oh, yeah.
This is "Game Over."
[chuckles]
[glass shattering]
- Drop it!
- Daddy!
- Hey, sweetie.
Jobe: Alright.
Now you must be
the security guard.
- You must be Alpha.
- Hi.
[whimpering]
No, no, no, no...
Crowd: Micah! Micah! Mi...
You're too late.
No, no, no. No, please
don't blow. Please don't...
[grunts]
[intense music]
[crowd cheering]
[explosion]
[Gus screaming]
[car alarms blaring]
[crowd cheering]
[gasping]
[coughs]
[crowd cheering]
[indistinct chatter]
- Let's go! Let's go!
- Hey!
What happened?
What happened to the explosives?
That's right. We defused
your little game, player.
Hey, freeze.
- Don't move.
- Wait a minute.
That's just a T-shirt gun.
[intense music]
Kill him!
[gunshot]
Automated message:
Refrigerator open.
[grunting]
- Come on, come on.
- Daddy!
[grunting]
[screaming]
Get out of the way!
- Go! Alright.
- Daddy!
Oh, hell, yeah.
Much love, black man.
- God bless you, man.
- He said he's flying away.
My guess is he's heading
to the helipad on the roof.
Take the main stairway
to the rafters.
Milli: I'll shout you out
on my next album, man!
[clamoring]
Man on PA:
Ladies and gentlemen,
please proceed
to the nearest exit.
[clamoring]
Keep movin', kid.
Hey!
Daddy!
[sirens wailing]
Man on TV: Breaking news
live from The Odyssey Center.
There have been reports
of explosions
from inside the arena.
Emergency crews are arriving
at the scene,
but no confirmation of injuries
or fatal...
Oh, my God.
Man on TV:
This is a breaking news item,
live from The Odyssey Arena.
- Let me go!
Jesse: Hey!
Let my daughter go
and I'll let you live.
Yeah, okay.
You can have her back.
- In a few minutes, in pieces.
- Argh!
- Ow!
- Stay.
Daddy.
Your guns don't work that far,
anyway.
At least I figured that out.
I had a perfect plan,
and you fucked it all up.
Kick his ass, daddy!
Kick his ass!
Dad. Mara.
[grunting]
[Jesse grunting]
[groans]
- Ah!
- Uh!
[upbeat music]
Daddy, look out!
[grunting]
- Ah!
- Daddy!
Leave my daddy alone!
Boo. [groans]
- [screams] Daddy!
- No!
[grunting]
Daddy, don't drop me.
[groaning]
[screaming]
[coughing]
Ah. You can do this, daddy.
[grunting]
[Mara screaming]
[intense music]
You can do this. Ah!
[Mara grunting]
Come here, sweetie.
We gotta get this off of you.
Hurry, daddy.
[coughing]
Daddy. Hurry, daddy.
Hold on, baby girl. [groaning]
[groaning]
[panting] You know, I wish
I could stick around
for this sweet moment,
but I think
I hear my ride pulling up.
Plus, I just hate bad endings.
So here's what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna kill you
and your bitch daughter there
and call it a day.
[helicopter whirring]
Fuck. Enjoy
your last few seconds together.
Hey. Remember me?
[groans] You bitch.
You just fuckin' killed us all.
[dramatic music]
[beeping]
[groaning]
[screaming]
[explosion]
- Uh, sweetie, are you hurt?
- No.
- Are you okay?
- [chuckles] It could be worse.
If I came home without you,
your mom would kill me.
Hey.
You saved my life
and everyone in the arena.
Uh, how did you figure out
how to work that gun?
Basic thumb-press safety switch.
Okay.
Hey, let's go get Ryan.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Alright.
[instrumental music]
Jesse: Son.
- Dad. Mara!
I was so worried.
Were you really worried
about me?
Yeah. I saw the whole fight
on the rafters.
- You were amazing.
- Amazing?
- He was lit.
- Let's go. [chuckles]
Um, let's just keep
this whole day between us, okay?
Both: Nope.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey.
How about you consider a new
job, as head of my security?
Oh, you know,
I really appreciate that,
but I'm a 9:00 to 5:00 guy
from now on.
I need to be home, really home,
with my family, you guys.
- Family first, right?
- Yeah.
I understand.
Just know the new job pays
seven figures.
This family has bills to pay.
We'll get back to you
in 24 hours.
[gasps] Is she for real?
Yo! Jessie.
- You guys need a lift?
- Uh, this is my partner, Gus.
- Oh, thank God!
- Mom!
Babies, are you guys okay?
We had the best adventure
with daddy today.
Did you know
dad's an action hero?
[chuckles] Actually, I did.
- Hey, babe.
- Baby.
Hello. Yeah.
- It's not as bad as it looks.
- Oh, sweetheart.
Yes. Come on, guys. Come on.
- Help daddy out.
- Can you walk?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Slowly, slowly, slowly, guys.
Dad, you really need
to get to the hospital.
Hey, you're right. You're right.
I sure do love a happy ending.
[instrumental music]
♪ Everything about you ♪
♪ Is absolutely perfect ♪
♪ Even when you're whining ♪
♪ You're absolutely worth it ♪
♪ You just brighten my day.. ♪♪
Man: Oh-oh.
Get your popcorn ready.
Welcome to Sudden Death!
♪ I'mma take you to the top ♪
♪ We ain't never gonna stop ♪
♪ I'mma make it to the top ♪
♪ I ain't never gonna stop ♪
♪ I stay on my grind ♪
♪ Don't waste my ♪
♪ Time ♪
♪ Bulletproof brain
could have put a few names ♪
♪ Should've pulled up
in a hazmat clack-clack flame ♪
♪ I been unavailable
y'all be lookin venereal ♪
♪ I be flippin' like aerials
leave you swimming like Ariel ♪
♪ Passion is brittle
passing a little ass whoopin' ♪
♪ After the riddle
fact I won't miss you tackling ♪
♪ Crack in the middle
grabbin' a little abdomen ♪
♪ Half of you it'll back
and I'm mental math for them ♪
♪ Oh little bit of fours
hit the post ♪
♪ And I hit 'em
with a choke in the post ♪
♪ Up with the shoulder
flip like a boulder ♪
♪ Hitting your bones
look at him go ♪
♪ Leave me alone leave me alone
you started it ♪
♪ Regardless if you guarded
I got armament that's hardened ♪
♪ With the harshness of our
artist with the largest wit ♪
♪ Facts got no problems
with that if you coming ♪
♪ For your brain
I would've called it savage ♪
♪ You about to get your ♪
♪ Ass whipped ♪
♪ Never been a big thang
big bang fits game ♪
♪ Pull up and you in pain
filling you with disdain ♪
♪ Should've been a shit stain ♪
♪ And piss ♪
♪ Sick with the riddle hit
then I ribble dick ♪
♪ Can I distance a little flip
I'll fish and McGriddle trick ♪
♪ I will leave you gripped
like a fiddle dipped ♪
♪ In the middle like ♪
♪ A hammock ♪
♪ Fatal with the shot
never stay low ♪
♪ With the ops
giving halos like the cops ♪
♪ Brain lookin' mush
should've came in a box ♪
♪ And I know I got the hops
'cause the truth ♪
♪ I'mma take you to the top ♪
♪ We ain't never gonna stop ♪
♪ I'mma make it to the top ♪
♪ I ain't never gonna stop ♪
♪ I stay on my grind... ♪
The security guard said
there're three bodies in here.
Where's the other one?
♪ Heard they want
a little bit of action ♪
♪ COD warfare interaction ♪
♪ Can't never see myself
lacking ♪
♪ Just impacted
it's interacted ♪
♪ Defendin' everything
I believe in ♪
♪ My body and spirit
I'm achieving ♪
♪ Yeah to the top I go ♪
♪ Gonna wanna add
a little kick to the flow ♪
♪ With these fists
I'mma put on a show ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ The last dragon got the glow ♪
♪ Gave little but they wanted ♪
♪ More ♪
♪ Skills like water watch it ♪
♪ Gotta be the hero
or the villain ♪
♪ At the same time
mute all the feelings ♪
♪ Head up high
look past on the ceilings ♪
♪ Where there's good there's bad
who're you shielding? ♪
♪ Tryin' to outrun my past
any day could be my last ♪
♪ I'mma make 'em feel my wrath ♪
♪ Understand why
I took this path ♪
♪ Most of your paycheck
come for the ride ♪
♪ This lifestyle I can't hide ♪
♪ I don't condone any ties ♪
♪ I'mma take you to the top ♪
♪ We ain't never gonna stop ♪
♪ I'mma make it to the top ♪
♪ I ain't never gonna stop ♪
♪ I stay on my grind ♪
♪ Don't waste my ♪
♪ Time ♪
♪ Branded black like Nina ♪
♪ New Jean-Claude Van
no sequel ♪
♪ True fact what's that?
Finito ♪
♪ Let's get it shakin' like
Puerto Rico ♪
♪ More love to my brothers
out there ♪
♪ With their mother now fair
how they really don't care ♪
♪ But they really don't fare
when I set a mic there ♪
♪ This is World War III
motherfucker I'm here ♪
♪ Left right I'm dead night
you dead right ♪
♪ But he planned like he a
track star with real light ♪
♪ But it feel like
I'm stepping on a red right ♪
♪ Rigor mortis settin' and
freezin' onto your skin like ♪
♪ Freeze won't stop no ease
I'mma fight for my life ♪
♪ And the life of my skin
and I'll fight for my rights ♪
♪ And this man did a freak
and a home and a slave ♪
♪ And they got a OD
overqualified ♪
♪ You better know it that
I'm arrived at the homicide ♪
♪ You damn right I'mma let it
fly till the butterfly ♪
♪ Your mama singin'
a lullaby promise ♪
♪ That you never won't see me
another time ♪
♪ Big dog like Cool Joe
phased out ♪
♪ How you spaced out
like Pluto ♪
♪ Took it out
when I take out my judo ♪
♪ I'mma take you to the top ♪
♪ We ain't never gonna stop ♪
♪ I'mma make it to the top ♪
♪ I ain't never gonna stop ♪
♪ I stay on my grind ♪
♪ Don't waste my time ♪♪
[instrumental music]
[intense music]